Updated self-hosting documentation (#13866)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/independent/create-cluster-kubeadm.md

More options and information about the
[`kubeadm reset command`](/docs/reference/setup-tools/kubeadm/kubeadm-reset/).

> ## Self-hosting the control plane of a cluster

Author: on line 47 of this doc and a few other places Self-hosting is referred too and i'm not sure if I should update it or not. aka, the above says it is in alpha, I don't think we have plans to do anything more with it at this point. Should it just be removed from the list?

Reviewer: the idea i think, is to remove reference for self-hosting from all places. only create a top level doc self-hosting.md under setup/independent/ that contains information about it.

Reviewer: i guess this includes removing:
> Self-hosting | alpha

from the table too.

Author: Ok cool! :+1: I will update it when I get a chance. Thank you.

Reviewer 2: Personally, I'm not quite sure why we even keep docs for self-hosting at this point.

It was an alpha feature that we no longer support, and afaict there is no one actually supporting the feature.

Reviewer: i think the idea was to have a document under setup/independent, have a clear notice on top that this is unsupported and unmaintained.

if / once we remove the alpha command we can also remove this document.
this was my understanding from a kubeadm office hours meeting.

/assign @timothysc

Self-hosting the control plane is no longer a supported configuration. While kubeadm will still pivot your cluster
to an self hosted one, the cluster becomes un-supported by kubeadm.

> documentation can be found [here.](/docs/reference/setup/independent/self-hosting)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Documentation](/docs/reference/setup/independent/self-hosting) on the deprecated self-hosting feature.
```

No strong opinion. I have a slight preference to avoid “here” as the text of a hyperlink.

Author: location changed per @neolit123 's comment, but updated the style to above. thank you!

Reviewer 3: Not sure if you elided part of “Documentation ~on the deprecated self-hosting feature~” intentionally or because GitHub made it hard to spot @Klaven.

Either's fine by me; again, no strong opinion.

Reviewer 3: Thanks for updating.
